>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>And now the host of the
nationally syndicated Coast
to Coast AM and Gaiam TV
bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Since the beginning
of time, mankind
has been fascinated with
numbers, what they do,
what they mean.
And tonight on "Beyond
Belief," our special guest
is the numbers lady,
numerologist Glynis McCants.
Glynis.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
>> GLYNIS MCCANTS:
Hello, everyone.
>> NOORY: How are you?
>> MCCANTS: How are you?
>> NOORY: Good to see you.
>> MCCANTS: Good
to see you, too.
>> NOORY: Glynis has been
a regular guest on Coast
to Coast, and it's always
good to see you her every once
in a while in the flesh.
I ran into you in Las Vegas
at an event, a conference
that you were putting on,
and people were simply
mesmerized by what you did.
>> MCCANTS: It
was really lovely.
And it was fun to have
you in the audience,
because you got to see
me work my magic live.
>> NOORY: You're super
in front of an audience,
and you're going to love it in
front of the Gaiam audience--
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: --today.
>> MCCANTS: Good crowd.
Hi, guys.
Come on, give me your energy.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING AND
CHEERING]
>> NOORY: How about that?
So have you always been
interested in numbers,
even when you were
a little girl?
>> MCCANTS: It's interesting.
When I was a little girl, I had
a dream about numbers, George,
for real.
They were ghosts when I
was learning the ABCs,
and they were chasing
me in the house.
And yes, I literally
ran upstairs,
the ABCs are chasing
me, they're chasing me.
And my dad's like,
what are you talking--
>> NOORY: Like the alphabet--
>> MCCANTS: --about?
>> NOORY: --soup thing.
>> MCCANTS: Exactly.
And ABC became 1, 2,
3 through the door.
I remember that.
Now I didn't know I'd
be a numerologist later.
I didn't know how
significant numbers would be.
But to me, that
was the beginning.
>> NOORY: Numbers.
You have talked with us
about how they started.
It goes all the way back
almost to the beginning
of mankind, Pythagorism.
>> MCCANTS: That's right.
Yeah.
Pythagoras was the
creator of the system.
Most of you know him
through geometry.
Clap if you know
Pythagoras' name.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
Whether you succeeded or failed.
The funny thing is I
didn't do well in geometry,
but we know his name from that.
But he was also
known for harmonics.
And what he did was
deal with music,
and he helped us
understand that you
could be with certain
chords that sounded lousy.
You know when you hear
bad music, George?
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: Chances are
those are toxic numbers.
But then certain
numbers come together,
and it sounds beautiful.
Well, that's the
same as human beings.
So this does go back.
He was a philosopher, he was a
theorist, and he had followers.
And what's interesting,
nothing he said
was written down by him.
It was his followers
who wrote about it.
But that's what's exciting.
This goes back 2,500 years.
And it's very lovely,
because it's specific.
You can see it.
It is not hocus pocus.
>> NOORY: When we get
into the numbers--
and I'm going to show you some
of these numbers and have you
explain what they mean and
then talk about our life path
numbers and the
force and all that--
but are they the
same for everybody?
So if somebody is
born on a certain day
and the other person is
born on the same day,
are they generally the
same kind of people?
>> MCCANTS: Well, here's
another thing Pythagoras said.
He attached traits
to each number.
He called them characteristics.
But he said there are strengths
and weaknesses, meaning
you can live in a positive
side of it or negative.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> MCCANTS: So you could meet
someone born the same day,
and they're embracing the
positive or negative side
of the energy, so they
feel differently to you.
But if they meet each
other, it's instant.
When someone's born on
the same day as you,
you have instant something's up.
Who are you?
What's going on?
And that's vibration.
>> NOORY: Glynis has talked
about in the past of people who
have had surgeries.
>> MCCANTS: Oh, yes.
>> NOORY: She has talked
them out of specific dates.
When people get married, she's
recommended certain dates
for people.
And you're pretty darn stringent
about those dates with people.
>> MCCANTS: I am adamant.
Because there's a
thing called dates
that have duality
in them, and that
means the date's not going
to feel quite right you.
I happen to know
you're a 7 life path.
There are certain dates
that are great for you.
When you burned your mouth--
>> NOORY: Ugh.
Ouch.
>> MCCANTS: --that bad story,
that was a toxic date to you
in numerology.
>> NOORY: Why
didn't you call me?
>> MCCANTS: And you know what
the message is, by the way?
When you know that,
knowledge is power.
It's just enough to go I'm
going to proceed with caution.
But since you said you
ate something and burned
your mouth, how would
you know that that
was going to hurt you?
>> NOORY: Let me
mention the story.
>> MCCANTS: Yes, please.
>> NOORY: And then you can tell
me how the numbers affected
that.
Normally when I get
off Coast to Coast,
it's in the very wee
hours of the morning,
and I don't eat a lot.
So I'm constantly
watching what I'm doing.
I wanted a whole wheat
sandwich with turkey on it.
And so I went by our
convenience store
at 2:30, 3 o'clock in
the morning Pacific time,
and they were all out.
I was frustrated.
So I'm saying, my
gosh, I'm starving.
What am I going to eat?
I see a package of frozen pizza
rolls, these little tiny ones.
And so I take it home.
I read the instructions.
It said microwave it.
It says make sure it's cool.
I took it out of the microwave.
I touched it, it was cool, and
I popped the thing in my mouth.
I bit into this, Glynis, and
it was like eating molten lava.
It was unbelievable.
>> MCCANTS: That
is so upsetting.
>> NOORY: I didn't
swallow the thing.
It was so--
>> MCCANTS: Thank goodness.
>> NOORY: --hot.
I just went blech.
And the doctor in emergency
said had I swallowed it,
he would have been
operating on me.
My radio career would have been
[HIGH-PITCHED VOICE] welcome
to Coast to Coast.
It would have been like that.
>> MCCANTS: It would
have been tragic.
>> NOORY: So the skin fell off
the roof of my mouth within
a couple hours.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
>> NOORY: I couldn't swallow.
I couldn't sleep
all night because I
thought I was
going to suffocate.
It was one of the
worst feelings.
But are you saying
that had I popped
that in my mouth
on a different day,
it would have worked for me?
>> MCCANTS: You would have
just been cautious, you see?
Now let me tell you,
there's something
very powerful in
what he's saying.
Because what month was that?
>> NOORY: That was November 27.
>> MCCANTS: So you're just about
to get out of the year 2012,
because we had one month to go.
Now 2012, when you break
down-- because that's
a world number, George-- 2
plus 0 plus 1 plus 2 is 5.
5 promotes drama and
unnecessary chaos.
So I said the closer we
got to the end of it,
the worse it would be.
For you, a radio
broadcaster, to be
in jeopardy of
losing your voice,
like had you
swallowed it you would
have had some
irreparable damage.
>> NOORY: Would have been done.
>> MCCANTS: But you stopped it.
So my point is, yes,
that does matter.
If I were George
Noory at that time,
I would've thought, OK,
wait, today is a caution day.
I really haven't
had that before.
What do I know, number one.
And maybe I would
have just proceeded
with caution more
that whole day.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> MCCANTS: And also as
we headed in December.
Look at the things that
happened last year.
Because I think it's important
when you look at a new year,
you better look at
what just happened.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> MCCANTS: Well, last year
you go back to January,
remember when the
cruise ship capsized?
>> NOORY: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: Because the
captain thought, ooh,
I'm going to get
closer to shore.
>> NOORY: What a
disaster that was.
>> MCCANTS: And then he gets
off the cruise ship while other
people still aren't
off the boat?
That was just disgusting.
But it happened in the
drama year of five.
Then in February, we
lost Whitney Houston.
That was shocking to everybody.
>> NOORY: Sad story.
>> MCCANTS: Then we kept
having these sex scandals.
Now remember, the dark
side of 5 is escaping,
drugs, alcohol,
sex, rock and roll.
We saw all of that last year.
>> NOORY: Not with me.
>> MCCANTS: You were reporting.
Maybe that's what
keeps you safe.
>> NOORY: Right.
That's true.
I'm too busy working--
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
You read their scandal, you're
like, I'm not going to do that.
>> NOORY: --and eating
frozen pizza rolls.
>> MCCANTS: But the thing is
you're not going to let this
happen to you.
But we did see it.
We saw the Secret
Service get in trouble.
Then we saw Benghazi.
9/11 comes along, our
ambassador gets killed.
This is the first
time in 30 years
an ambassador has been killed.
But what do we focus on?
Patraeus and his sex scandal.
So instead of getting to the
bottom of what really happened,
we're still stuck
in the sex scandal.
That, to me, was what the
year of five was about.
It made us look at things we
didn't necessarily want to.
We didn't have a choice.
Here's another example,
Hurricane Sandy.
Hurricane Sandy was
devastating, but so was
the elementary shooting,
Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Of course I had to look
at the name Sandy, George.
Because you're like,
OK, people kept
writing me, Glynis, what
about the name Sandy?
What does it mean?
>> NOORY: It was weird.
The whole thing was weird.
>> MCCANTS: It was devastating.
But guess what?
When you break down
its numerology--
because each letter
has a number.
That's the Pythagoras
number system
as well-- it was the number 9.
And the 9 is the humanitarian
and selflessness.
And if you think
about it, George,
when Hurricane Sandy
happened and those shootings,
didn't we all step up to help?
Who was not affected?
You do not have to live
in their neighborhood.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: You're
like, where do I go?
Who I give money to?
Should I fly out and help them?
>> NOORY: Like 9/11.
Same thing.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
Yes.
So my point is I like that.
I like knowing that there's
a message in energy.
And even the date
that that happened,
that shooting, people
were like, Glynis,
could we have foreseen that?
Well, here's how that works.
When I talk about the calendar
that you were talking about
and I say that was
a sunny day for you,
sunny day is a symbol I
use when it's a good day.
Sun with a cloud means
it could be good for you.
Don't count on someone else.
Caution means you don't take
something out of the microwave
and eat it that you've never had
before at 2:30 in the morning.
>> NOORY: But it
said cool to touch.
It was cool to touch.
>> MCCANTS: But my point
is that's a caution day.
Those symbols, that particular
day that that happened,
it was not a sunny day
symbol for any life path
number, George.
>> NOORY: Aha.
>> MCCANTS: Now
think about that.
And once we heard
about the shooting, who
was not depressed?
These were little children.
When an adult gets
shot, even though it's
bad news you kind of go, well, I
don't know what happened there.
But with little kids--
>> NOORY: Devastating.
>> MCCANTS: --they're
just innocent,
and right before Christmas.
So that was the year five.
Luckily, we're out of that.
>> NOORY: Well, we're going
to get into some of the things
that are going to be facing
us in 2013 and the years ahead
as well.
And I'm going to talk with you
about some of these numbers.
For people at home at
any time, is there a way
that they can say I want
to see what my day's going
to be like before it starts--
>> MCCANTS: Absolutely.
>> NOORY: --by the number?
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
I'll say it again.
If you learn the basic numbers--
and certainly I've written
"Glynis has Your Number,"
"Love by the Numbers"--
I have a numerology calendar
that every single day has
a symbol next to your life path
to tell you what kind of day it
is.
So they could learn that.
And if they were to
study numerology,
they could start
knowing, oh, this day
has conflict in it for
me, or this is a great day
to make a move.
And I'll give you
another example.
Last year when Barack
Obama won, remember
how tight that election was?
>> NOORY: Right.
>> NOORY: Top pundits
couldn't call that election,
right up to the second we
finally heard it was Obama.
I could see that in numbers.
What I saw was the
month of October
was excellent for Romney.
But the month that mattered,
which was November,
put Barack Obama in a
personal month of 1--
>> NOORY: And he
just zoomed, yeah.
>> MCCANTS: --which was to win.
It means doing whatever
you can to win, and he did.
And the actual day
was a sunny day symbol
for Obama but sunny with
this cloud for Romney.
>> NOORY: If you were advising
the president at the time,
would you have said, this is
going to be a good day for you?
>> MCCANTS: Well, honestly, I
would have advised him when he
did Colorado, because when he
spoke here it was as if he was
sleeping.
People talked about what
happened to that guy.
But you know what?
That was a perfect day
in numerology for Romney.
It was the sun symbol.
And I laughed to myself.
I thought the stars have
aligned for Mitt Romney.
He's going to be on fire
tonight, and he was.
>> NOORY: And he was.
>> MCCANTS: Everyone
talked about him.
>> NOORY: Let's take some
questions in the audience
for the Numbers
Lady, Glynis McCants.
Who's got a question for Glynis?
Come on, don't be shy.
Yes, sir, right over here.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah, I'm curious,
if someone's born on a leap
year does that
affect their numbers?
Does it throw things off?
>> MCCANTS: It
absolutely doesn't.
And this is what
you've got to know.
When you're born, that
day did count that time.
It may not show up
the following year,
but you know that
your numerology
comes from that particular day.
Pythagoras believed
that when we're born,
we come through with
a certain sound.
So you've got to look at those
numbers, the original numbers,
to get the answer.
So it does not matter.
It's just a bummer that
sometimes it's not there
for you, right?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: But they're
actually lovely numbers.
>> NOORY: Sometimes when people
are born on the leap day,
if they're 32 years
old, are they really 8?
What do you do?
How do you celebrate a birthday
if you're born on a certain day
and that day is not there?
>> MCCANTS: Right.
That's what I think
is so odd about that.
But in truth you're
celebrating the energy.
And what do you do?
Is that your birthday?
>> AUDIENCE: No, no.
I was just curious about that.
>> MCCANTS: Someone you know,
do you know what they wind up
doing?
>> AUDIENCE: No.
>> MCCANTS: They
probably get very drunk
because they're so upset.
They're like, they
took my birthday.
My husband always
says, what are they
going to do, take
away your birthday?
I'm like, well, I guess
for those people--
>> NOORY: Yeah.
Speaking of your
husband, Charlie,
you've got to tell us really
quickly this incredible story
how you met him.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
What happened was I kept
giving you guys advice
and helping you
find your partner.
And I thought, wait a second.
What about me?
So I finally did a dating site.
And I said, numerologist
looking for a man who's
really got my number.
Some men applied, and then
wonderful Charles St. Denny
Youngblood-- how do
you beat that name?
>> NOORY: Had the right numbers.
>> MCCANTS: Isn't
that beautiful?
Shows up with the numbers.
I run the chart.
And what's cute, George, when we
were dating-- because you can't
let a man know
that he's the one.
That scares a man-- I wrote
my husband in his pictures.
So we went on a date once,
and he saw my computer.
And I had to hide that, because
I didn't want to scare the guy.
But we've been
together 10 years now.
>> NOORY: That's fantastic.
>> MCCANTS: And
anybody who knows us--
now we are best friends.
We have amazing chemistry.
And you've known
it the whole time,
because you kind of were there
when I was doing the dating.
>> NOORY: I watched that
whole metamorphosis.
>> MCCANTS: And as
a matter of fact,
you were there right
before I got married.
Yeah, because I got
married New Years.
>> NOORY: I actually gave
Charlie the numbers to fill
out.
>> MCCANTS: You're
like, check it out.
See what's there.
But the point is
it's a true story,
and that's what inspired me to
write "Love By the Numbers."
And I've had now,
George, over 2,000 people
get married from my book.
>> NOORY: Isn't that fantastic?
>> MCCANTS: It's exciting.
>> NOORY: And I bet the
incidence of survival
in a marriage is higher
with your numbers--
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: --than if they
had just met someplace.
>> MCCANTS: Well, you know why?
Because they end up
writing me saying,
Glynis-- now they don't
even talk about the name.
They're like, my husband the
4 upset my daughter the 5
and really pissed me off, the 6.
And I just laugh because
I get what they mean.
But that's the
language you end up
speaking when you read my book.
I did simplify it.
There are numerologists
out there who are like,
she keeps it so simple.
That was deliberate.
I did it because I wanted
us to apply it to our life.
And you're right, it
has saved marriages.
There's a chapter called
"Should You Take His Name?".
I've had married women--
because when you get divorced,
they say, well,
when I married her,
she totally changed--
they take the name back
to the maiden name and
improve their marriage.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: See?
It's all vibration.
It's all chemistry.
So you bet.
>> NOORY: That's a good point.
And "Love By the
Numbers," by the way,
you walk around with
it as a single guy,
it's a chick magnet.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> NOORY: Just walk around--
they think you actually know
what you're doing.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
It's like, wow,
he's an expert, hey.
>> NOORY: How about another
question for Glynis?
Yes, sir.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi,
George and Glynis.
My name is Richard, and
I'm a fellow Michigander.
But I'd like to ask a question.
You talked about people
born on the same day that
have same vibrations.
Well, I'm sitting here
with my twin brother,
and I was just wondering--
because a lot of things
that we've had happened
in life, we've kind of
had some of the
same, but we also
have a lot of different things.
So how does that kind of fit?
>> NOORY: And for a moment,
I thought I had double vision
over here.
>> MCCANTS: Right.
George, can I see
your pen real quick?
Because--
>> NOORY: Sure thing Absolutely.
>> MCCANTS: --that is something
I would look at to know what
you guys are doing.
How did you pick your position?
Remember, when you're
twins, even though there's
that special bond, you
want your individualism.
And let me tell you
where that comes in.
The name has three numbers.
So your name, that's three
different vibrations.
That's what makes you different.
But your actual birth numbers
being exactly the same,
that means connected forever.
Twins or not, by the way.
You could have been born years
later but still the same day,
and that would matter.
You'd still feel a connection.
But I want to understand
what was the birthday, just
so I can tell you, Richard.
>> AUDIENCE: 3/24/1955.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
>> NOORY: And I've never seen
anybody so fast with numbers
than you.
You have them in your head.
I've always suspected that
when you do Coast to Coast
in the snuggle of
your house, you've
got a little computer there
spitting all this out.
>> MCCANTS: No.
No, it's definitely me.
See, I'm playing with
numbers right now,
if you want to zoom in.
See that?
I just whipped through
his birth numbers,
and then I see there are
three numbers that make it up.
So let me tell you what I see.
First of all, you
are very sensitive.
You've got that 2.
So that means no matter
how strong you are,
Richard, when someone hurts
you it's a cut to your stomach.
It's hard for you
to get over it.
And you're also very protective
of the people in your life.
Did you end up having kids?
>> AUDIENCE: I've
got one right here.
This is James.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
James is this--
>> AUDIENCE: I've
got two of them.
>> MCCANTS: --daddy forever?
He'll just do anything.
If you're not happy, James,
he's not quite happy either.
He wants to make sure you're OK.
And that's because
you're born on a 6 day.
And Richard, because you have
a 9 attitude, that tells me
whatever you think your
parents did not do right
in raising you,
you've tried so hard
to not repeat their pattern.
How true is that, Richard?
>> AUDIENCE: That's pretty true.
But I do have a hard
time accomplishing that.
>> MCCANTS: Ah.
>> AUDIENCE: A few of
those patterns fit in.
>> MCCANTS: And that's you
being critical of yourself.
They say a child may not listen,
but they will surely imitate.
>> MCCANTS: Sure will.
>> MCCANTS: So it's easy to
be just like our parents,
even when we see the flaw.
And that's why you
make it your mission
to go I've got to
break this pattern.
And we could look real
quick at James real fast.
What's your birthday, James?
>> NOORY: We've got
about a minute left.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
OK, go.
>> AUDIENCE: April 17, 1979.
>> NOORY: April 17, 1979.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
So 3, 4, 2.
James you want lots of money.
And let's not lie
to Aunt Glynis.
If it's nice, you're
attracted to it.
You like quality.
You're business-minded.
You want to make sure you
have security for your future.
It's like, I just
want to make sure I'm
taken care of financially.
What do you do for work?
What did you pick?
>> AUDIENCE: I manage
a jewelry store.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
>> NOORY: Aha.
>> MCCANTS: Aha.
>> NOORY: There it is.
>> MCCANTS: Now if jewelry
ever goes missing, James,
I'm on to you.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> MCCANTS: I don't know
where that diamond went,
the Hope Diamond.
But the point is
you love quality.
But here's what's sweet is that
you've got the two energy just
like your father.
So you guys have a
special connection.
You always have.
You're actually very
compatible in numerology.
Make sense, doesn't it?
>> AUDIENCE: It does.
>> MCCANTS: Especially that
he's hanging out with you.
You know how many kids won't
hang out with their parents?
>> NOORY: I think that's cool.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: Let's
hear it for them.
>> MCCANTS: There you go, guys.
>> NOORY: How about that?
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
>> NOORY: That is super.
Well, Glynis, you've
done a remarkable job.
I love calling you
the Numbers Lady.
I really do.
>> MCCANTS: Well, it was
Coast to Coast who named me
the Numbers Lady.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: See, I was
Glynis Has Your Number,
and that was my first book,
but it was also the name
of my company.
But when I started to do Coast
to Coast, they'd call and say,
is the Numbers Lady there?
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: I need
the Numbers Lady.
>> NOORY: It was easy for them.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
They never had my name.
No one could spell
Glynis either.
So then I tried to get the
website The Numbers Lady,
but it was taken.
It was an accountant.
>> NOORY: Aha.
>> MCCANTS: So I went
with numberslady.com.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: But it is.
It's true.
You made that happen.
Coast to Coast audience likes
to say that's the Numbers Lady.
>> NOORY: Let's analyze
my birthday for a second.
Tell me a little bit
about me, June 4, 1950.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
So you got June 4.
And how I do this is there are
three numbers in a birthdate.
You take your month and date
to get your attitude number.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> MCCANTS: So in your case,
6 plus 4 is 10, 1 plus 0 is 1.
That means you strive to
be number one, George.
Nobody has to make you.
>> NOORY: It's like this.
That's a 1.
>> MCCANTS: That's George.
>> NOORY: There I am.
>> MCCANTS: That's right.
Striving to be number one.
And no one has to
do that for you.
You push yourself.
>> NOORY: I do.
>> MCCANTS: You're
like, what's next?
It's a multitasking energy.
And it's I just want to make
sure we're getting it done.
And if something
is not finished,
you're not
comfortable with that.
So that's your attitude number.
You were born on a 4 day.
The 4 means seeking knowledge.
The more you learn,
the happier you are.
It's like, I just want to
learn whatever's out there.
Aha moments is what
makes you live.
And that also is what
will keep you young.
>> NOORY: Have I
always been that way?
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
Inquisitive, even as a kid.
I would say when you
were a little kid you
had to be the kid who
said, well, what's that?
What's that?
One of those little
toddlers who walked
around wanting to know
what everything is.
I will bet your family would
have said that were true.
>> NOORY: Why am I obsessed
with burned out light bulbs?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> NOORY: It's a hangup.
If I see a burned out light
bulb somewhere at a restaurant
or something, I'll call
the manager over and go,
that light bulb's out,
they think I'm insane.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
No.
But you want to get it fixed.
>> NOORY: I want it fixed.
>> MCCANTS: Oh, no, that's
your 1 talking, my friend.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
The 1 can't stand when it
doesn't look quite right.
>> NOORY: You should
see my LA radio studio.
If one bulb is out, the
engineering department
is hovering down.
>> MCCANTS: Isn't that funny?
Now let me tell you
this is the big numbers.
You take your
birthday, 6/4/1950,
and add it straight
across and reduce it
to one digit, 6 plus 4 plus
1 plus 9 plus 5 plus 0.
Let's do it as a
group real quick.
6 plus 4 is--
>> AUDIENCE: 10.
>> MCCANTS: Plus 1?
>> AUDIENCE: 11.
>> MCCANTS: Plus 9?
>> AUDIENCE: 20.
>> MCCANTS: Plus 5?
>> AUDIENCE: 25.
>> MCCANTS: That's right.
And plus 0, there's
nothing there, so 25.
2 plus 5 is 7.
>> NOORY: Mm hmm.
>> MCCANTS: 7 is, they literally
come through saying, who am I?
What am I?
Why am I here?
So you're not
easily sold, George.
>> NOORY: No.
It takes a while.
>> MCCANTS: True.
But here's what's
fun about the 7.
7's have to find their
spiritual base to believe in.
It's not uncommon for them
to feel burned by religion
and go, OK, I don't
want organized religion,
but I'm going to
find some answer.
But every time you get
something that feels like truth,
you want to hang out
with that person.
That's when your ears are open.
See?
But otherwise, you mentally
leave the building George.
Someone can be talking.
You're like, whoo, see ya.
And then you come back later.
But they don't know.
They think you were
there the whole time.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
My biggest nightmare on the
radio show, for example,
is if somebody says,
sadly four people
died in this plane crash.
And if you're not listening
to them and you go,
so how many people died
in the plane crash?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: You have to be--
>> MCCANTS: You have be alert.
>> NOORY: --very careful.
>> MCCANTS: That's true.
>> NOORY: You've
got to be awake.
>> MCCANTS: That's right.
But the number 7 also has
a love of nature's beauty,
the ocean, mountains,
plants, flowers.
All of nature's beauty
speaks to your soul.
And the water-- again, if you
get to tropical places that
can calm you down,
help you get relaxed.
Otherwise, it's
an intense energy.
These are mind
numbers, by the way.
Going back to Pythagoras, he
put certain numbers together
for harmonic reasons.
1, 5, 7, you want
to pull those out.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
You've got your 1.
>> MCCANTS: 5.
>> NOORY: You've got your 5.
>> MCCANTS: And 7.
>> NOORY: And you've got your 7.
>> MCCANTS: These are
considered the mind numbers.
So if this is your life
path, you are very cerebral.
You never stop thinking,
always processing.
>> NOORY: If I had one
more arm, I could do this.
>> MCCANTS: That's right.
And then we got
one more, 2, 4, 8.
Want to grab those?
2.
>> NOORY: 2.
>> MCCANTS: 4.
>> NOORY: 4.
>> MCCANTS: 8.
And then this is the numbers
that are life path numbers.
>> NOORY: And we're going
to talk about 8 in a second,
by the way.
That's important.
>> MCCANTS: And these are
business-minded numbers.
So these are the
people who want to make
sure they're taken
care of financially.
Going back to James, remember
I said you had the 8 and 2?
That's what you do.
And then the final
group, 3, 6, 9.
>> NOORY: 3.
6--
>> MCCANTS: And 9.
>> NOORY: --and 9.
>> MCCANTS: These are the
creative-minded numbers.
It's not uncommon to
be a performer, artist,
motivational speaker,
counselor, all kinds of stuff,
a lot of performers
in the field,
like Meryl Streep comes
to my mind for the 6,
Jodie Foster for the 3.
And then the 9 is the
humanitarian number.
Remember I talked about that?
>> NOORY: Right.
Everybody can do this
on their own birthday?
>> MCCANTS: They can do this.
Numberlady.com shows you.
How do I find my
life path number?
It's available for
you to play with.
This stuff is the
basics of numerology,
but it's so much fun.
Because once you know
everyone's number,
you have more of a sense
of them right away.
It's like, ooh, 1--
>> NOORY: Now here's
the question, Glynis.
>> MCCANTS: --ooh, you're a 2.
>> NOORY: How does it work?
How does a number
determine your life path
and what you do in your life?
>> MCCANTS: Well, again,
this goes back to Pythagoras
himself, because he talked
about the mystique of numbers,
numbers in general.
He's the one who decided
there is something to this.
When they talk about the
universe and communication,
it's always mathematics.
When they break it down, it's
always something mathematical.
So to say, why
does it work, to me
that's like when
someone says, well,
how do you know there's a God?
And I say, well, I've had
miracles that came true,
so I could testify.
Well, when you spend your
life's work, as what I do,
running numbers all the
time, and it's always right,
that's all I need to know.
So I don't always have to go
why does it work as much as what
a blessing that it does work.
Because here's the thing.
We have a deal called
numerology blueprint.
You have one, George.
I have one.
Everyone in the audience does.
There are three numbers
that are your name,
three numbers in your birthday.
Those six numbers
tell us who you are.
>> NOORY: They
are what they are.
>> MCCANTS: They
And if you can understand
someone's blueprint,
even if they're not like
you, your understanding
can make you friends.
You can do better in business.
Everything's better.
It's a type of knowledge
that is so powerful
to help you understand
the people in your life.
>> NOORY: How does it
compare to astrology?
>> MCCANTS: Well, astrology
is also wonderful.
But I find this cuts to
the chase more quickly.
Because if I say to you,
hey, what's your name?
What's your birthday?
I didn't say to you,
where were you born?
What time were you born?
And so many people
don't know what time
they were born, by the way.
>> NOORY: No, they don't.
I had to look on my birth
certificate to find out.
I was born at 10:00-ish
in the morning.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
I was born in my parents'
house, by the way.
Because my mother had
11 kids and decided
to have me at lunch.
And she literally had
me at a lunch break.
>> NOORY: She was a
work-at-home person, right?
>> MCCANTS: She said, you've
got an hour to deliver.
She just popped me out.
Thank you very much.
But going to this astrologer,
do you know what he said to me?
His name is Chakrapani,
famous astrologer.
The minute he met
me, he goes, there's
no way you were born
when you were born.
I go, what are you saying?
He goes, you're
not these numbers.
Forget the numbers.
You are not what I see here.
This is not what I would think.
Now how interesting
is that, George?
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: So what I like
about numerology, again,
all you need-- birth
certificate name is important,
because it gives
you your destiny.
But the name you go by
right now is the vibration
you put out right now.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: That's
why it's important.
Like George Noory, what is
your birth certificate name?
>> NOORY: George Ralph Noory.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
>> NOORY: Shh.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> MCCANTS: Ah, but
you know what's funny?
It's either the name
you go by or that name,
but you have the power
numbers 1, 8, 9 in there.
Think of numerology as an
onion with lots of layers.
It's fun to know the layer.
Keep peeling.
>> NOORY: Glynis, before I tell
everyone the story about this
8, you need to tell us why the
8 is important and what it does.
>> MCCANTS: When you look
at the basics of numbers,
each number has
a simple message.
The number 8
represents financial.
It's like financial security.
It's the number for prosperity.
So a good example of
that is the Chinese
are obsessed with the number 8.
They'll pick addresses--
I'm in Pasadena.
There's one called 888.
That's the address they bought.
They're are always
looking for that number.
And it's not uncommon,
for people who know this,
to have an 8 above their
cash register at a restaurant
to encourage prosperity.
So it's a symbol of money.
And you and I had
that discussion.
And we talked about
the possibility
of putting that 8 in your
wallet to encourage income.
And then what happened?
>> NOORY: That's right.
Boom, things happened.
Well, you know what?
I had someone who did
exactly what Glynis had said,
and that's put the
8 in his wallet.
And sometimes it
has ramifications.
This isn't the story I want
to tell you in a second,
but this one was fascinating.
He said, George, I
got $200,000 a week
after I put the 8 in my wallet.
Here's the downside.
He said, I got it
because my dad died.
And so it does have these
up and downs, doesn't it?
>> MCCANTS: And this is
what I would say to that.
It has nothing to do--
that 8 in your wallet's
not going to speed
up dad's death.
It is synchronization
with the universe.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: You put
the 8 in your wallet.
You're like, I really
welcome prosperity.
And you don't know where
it's going to come.
But I get phone
calls from people--
and I'm talking
every week, George.
Again, the Coast
to Coast crowd is
obsessed with that number,
because they have fun with it--
but they'll say, put it in
my wallet, I got a raise.
One gal put it in her wallet.
Two days later her manager walks
in, I want to give you a raise.
She was like--
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: --I didn't
even ask for it.
>> NOORY: It's amazing
how this works.
>> MCCANTS: But
going back to him,
it is scary when suddenly
we have a windfall
and it's someone passed away.
>> NOORY: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: But honestly,
that has nothing to do.
The number 8 itself does
have lessons attached.
You are correct in saying that.
If you're going after
money just for money,
you're not going to be happy.
>> NOORY: Here's
a case in point.
After one of your shows with
me, I went to a local restaurant
in Los Angeles the next day,
which is close by my studio
there.
And the fellow who was
working there, older guy,
he's a former actor.
His name is George.
And he loves going to casinos.
And so I said, George, I
want you to do something.
Let's do a little experiment.
I want you to put
an 8 in your wallet.
And he said, what?
And I said, just doodle
an 8 on a napkin,
fold it up, put it in your
wallet, go to the casino.
Let's see what happens.
He said, all right.
I will.
I come back about
three days later.
He's been to one of the
local casinos in California.
He said, George, you won't
believe this, but I won $2,000.
I never win $2,000
on the slot machines.
I won.
I had this 8 in my pocket.
And I said, great, George.
Unbeknownst to me, he was
going back the next day
because he wanted more.
It didn't work.
There's a lesson here
I want you to tell us.
Because when I came back that
day, he was all depressed.
And I said, what's wrong?
He said, the 8 doesn't work.
I said, George, of
course it works.
You just told me it worked.
He says, no, I went back
and lost the $2,000.
What did he do wrong?
>> MCCANTS: Well, the
first thing I want to say,
and this is so true, what we
believe is what we manifest.
Remember, he first said,
I've never done that before.
It's never happened.
So his brain went back to
make sure he was right.
>> NOORY: Yep.
>> MCCANTS: You see?
He couldn't believe
the good luck.
It can't be real.
Let's go make sure it wasn't.
But what happens is
some people go 8 crazy.
They put 8's everywhere.
>> NOORY: Greed.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
It's total greed.
They become obsessed
with just money.
And I told you, that will
never be what makes you happy.
I cover that in the
book too about careers.
If you do what you're here to
do, the money will follow you.
It will follow you.
And I say that's
because God put you
on a planet that
costs money, so he's
got to have a plan
for you to make some.
But the idea of just winning
money, to me that's so-- that's
not what this is about.
This is about manifesting, like
going after that career dream
by the numbers and
doing incredibly well.
That's what I want for people.
>> NOORY: I was going to
take this home with me today.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
I guess I'll just
keep it right--
>> MCCANTS: You can let
it stay on the table.
>> NOORY: --there.
>> MCCANTS: I do want to talk
about something real quick
called personal year cycles.
>> NOORY: All right.
>> MCCANTS: Because it
happened when 2013 hit.
And I'm going to say quickly
what is happening with 2013.
2 plus 0 plus 1 plus 3 is 6.
6 is about family, George.
How about your family?
What's happening with
your son and everything?
>> NOORY: Typical life.
I've had ups and downs.
He had his job in Las Vegas.
He didn't like it.
He quit.
He moved back to St. Louis.
They're living in
my house there.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
Does he have kids?
>> NOORY: He's got two kids.
>> MCCANTS: Because
that's what this is about.
It's about looking
at your family,
getting back to your children,
getting back to the basics.
>> NOORY: But he just got
rehired again, and he's happy.
>> MCCANTS: Good.
>> NOORY: Things are going well.
>> MCCANTS: And listen to this.
The year of 5, for
those people who
struggled or felt like they
just couldn't get a break,
they get their breaks this year.
This is a really much
calmer cycle for all of us.
And when people say, Glynis,
it was just going so fast
I couldn't make things
happen, this year it's slower.
You get your life back.
If it was black and
white last year,
it's living color this year.
So I like that part of it.
But it's also very immediate
in terms of justice.
If something happens
that's not right,
you're going to have
justice pretty quickly.
Now personal year
cycle, I'm going
to use you as the example.
When I said you were
born 6/4 and that
was the number 1 that was
your attitude number, 1 plus 6
puts you in your
cycle this year.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> MCCANTS: 1 plus 6 is 7.
Well, George, you're
a 7 life path.
When your personal year cycle
is the same as your life path,
it's your time.
>> NOORY: This is it?
>> MCCANTS: This is it, baby.
So you don't have to
put an 8 in your pocket,
because this really
is your turning point.
Now you have to decide,
what brings me the most joy?
Where do I want
to spend my time?
And that's it.
Instead of feeling like
you've wasted time or spending
time with people you don't
really want to be with,
this is the year to go, no,
I'm going to do it my way.
And you know what else, George?
It's an observation time.
Even though you're with people,
you have this ability to really
step back and decide, what
do I want and what don't?
And is that guy
authentic or not?
You're hearing things
clearly this year.
>> NOORY: What about next year?
What happens then?
>> MCCANTS: Well,
then you shift to 8.
And I'll tell you, I'm
going to define it for them.
Because every one of you
has gone into a new cycle.
So just think in
your mind right now
your month and
day, break it down
to one digit, whatever
that might be.
As a matter of fact,
quickly you in the red.
What's your birthday?
>> AUDIENCE: February 6.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
February 6.
2 plus 6 is 8.
Add it to the world number.
8 plus 6 is 14.
1 plus 4 is 5.
5 means its movement for you.
Did you feel stagnant last year?
Did it feel like it
wasn't happening for you?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: Now it's
like get up and do it.
Don't think about it.
The message in the
cycle of 5, it's
about travel if you
can-- if you can get out
of your regular environment,
it'd be real good for you--
and also taking care
of your physical self,
not taking care of everyone
else, taking care of you.
Doesn't that feel nice?
>> NOORY: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: That's your cycle.
>> NOORY: And Glynis is going to
talk with more about your life
in just a moment here
on "Beyond Belief,"
which is truly fascinating.
When you wrote "Love
By the Numbers,"
what response did you have
after you were on our program
and after people realized that
there's something out there?
>> MCCANTS: I'll tell
you what's interesting.
Some people have
been hurt in love,
and they're just
afraid to do it again.
So when a book's called "Love
By the Numbers," they're like,
oh, I've done that.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: It's
like, no, you haven't.
And they're like,
I don't want love.
I said, yes, you do.
But you want healthy love.
You don't want toxic love.
A relationship should be
a get to, not a have to.
And when I'm with
Charlie, it's a get to.
We get to hang out.
We're not together all the
time, because you can't be.
>> NOORY: You can't be.
>> MCCANTS: No.
>> NOORY: You can't
smother each other.
>> MCCANTS: That's a
horrible thing to do.
More importantly, if you
are living a good life,
you're both busy.
Then when you come together,
you get to talk about it,
and you have fun and
good communication.
So that is what I did.
I explained to them don't
think about the past
except for one reason.
Look at your pattern.
George, one woman, been
married three times.
When she was a little
girl, her father left.
She was three years old.
Turns out these three men
had the exact same numerology
blueprint, and I mean all
six numbers, as her father.
So subconsciously she kept--
>> NOORY: It's in--
>> MCCANTS: --attracting them.
>> NOORY: --her system.
>> MCCANTS: It's in your system.
You don't know what it is,
but you're drawn to it.
So when I'm pointing out
the patterns, she's like,
but I don't care
about my father.
He left me when I was three.
I said your subconscious does.
>> NOORY: Yeah, it sure does.
>> MCCANTS: Well, she
broke the pattern.
That, by the way, was 15
years ago when that happened.
She's married.
She's been happily married.
The numbers are nothing
like her father's pattern.
But how would she know it if
she couldn't see it to break it?
>> NOORY: Yeah.
You got to put it
right out there.
>> MCCANTS: You've got to
see the numbers to know
what's real.
>> NOORY: Let's take some more
questions for you, Glynis,
from the audience.
Yes, sir.
Let's start with you, for Glynis
McCants, the Numbers Lady.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi.
I'm wondering if you could
talk about master numbers
and what makes them so special.
>> MCCANTS: I'm glad
you brought them up.
Because I was sitting
with George, and I'm like,
we've got to talk about
the master numbers.
>> NOORY: And what's
a master number?
>> MCCANTS: Well,
here's the deal.
First of all, in your audience,
born the 11th or the 22nd,
raise your hand.
Born the 11th or the 22nd.
So you've got no master numbers.
I love this crowd.
I like when they're
not that smart.
>> NOORY: Next group.
>> MCCANTS: It makes me happy.
Anyway, no.
But it's true.
People born the
11th or the 22nd--
or if you're a whole
birthday before,
I talk about that number 2.
Let's say there's
an 11 or the 22.
There's also the master number
33, the master number 44.
Go ahead.
>> AUDIENCE: Oh, I'm 33.
>> MCCANTS: Well, there you go.
So you know that about you.
But all it means--
first of all, it
means you're
hypercritical of yourself.
It's not lovely.
Because when you think you
have to master something,
George, do you realize you
always think you come up short?
>> NOORY: Right.
>> MCCANTS: I cannot
tell you how many people,
famous people
who've passed away,
have the master number and
never thought they were great.
Do you understand?
So what I teach in my
book, and the reason
I talk-- I call that the
highest frequency numbers.
They're power
numbers, aren't they?
I talk about the
lower frequency.
If I say 11, when
I talk about 2 I'm
saying take it easy on yourself.
You already know
you're a master number.
You're already called
to master your life.
But if you look at the number
2, it's about having a heart
and having love and
getting affection
from the people in your life
instead of feeling alone.
Because master number 11
means now matter how good,
not good enough.
You're too self-critical.
The 22 is very cerebral.
Jack Nicholson is one
of my favorite examples.
Same with Clint Eastwood.
They've got the 22.
Don't you see it in them?
These men are intense and smart,
and they never stop going.
But what I would hope
for them, do you relax?
And so if we look at that
number 22, which is also a 4,
are you taking care of family?
Are you spending time with
the people in your life?
Or are you only working on
your goal, to master your life?
So that's what it means.
>> NOORY: You've got to balance.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
You got to find
the balance, yes.
>> NOORY: How about some more?
>> MCCANTS: But I do
cover that in the books.
I want you to know that.
>> NOORY: All right.
Yes, you.
Right here.
>> AUDIENCE: How do you
help a kid that's had--
my daughter has had
some problems with, say,
sexual abuse with her dad.
How do you help them heal
through numbers or something
like that?
>> MCCANTS: Oh, yeah.
It's all about-- Listen,
when you understand
what your numbers
are, then you can
study what's the dark
side of the numbers.
I even created a CD called
"Healing by the Numbers"
to help us leave that
negative thought.
Because once you
feel depressed, you
can fall deeper into
that rabbit hole,
and I stop you from doing that.
You know what causes pain?
When we worry about yesterday
or what's in store tomorrow.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: If you're in
the moment, you're happy.
So when you tell me
your daughter's in pain,
she's still living in the past.
So the only way to get happy
is to get in the moment,
and I do cover
that in the books.
So I would suggest
"Glynis Has Your
Number," the original book.
I talk about healing by
the numbers and to help
her get in the moment
so she can be happy
instead of feeling
like a victim forever.
You don't want that for her.
>> NOORY: And what do
you recommend she does?
>> MCCANTS: Affirmations.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> MCCANTS: When you start
affirming the positive,
you start to feel better.
Releasing the past is one
of the affirmations I cover,
letting go of it.
She's just not letting go of it.
What's her birthday, real quick?
>> AUDIENCE: 7/24/93.
>> MCCANTS: I have to see that.
Say it again.
>> AUDIENCE: 7/24/1993.
>> MCCANTS: I can't
hear the last part.
>> AUDIENCE: 1993
>> MCCANTS: Oh, '93.
She's a baby.
4, 5, 8.
>> NOORY: I'm beginning
to feel like Dr. Phil.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> MCCANTS: That's
funny, because he's a 7,
just like you.
>> NOORY: Really?
And he has a mustache.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
And he really is.
He's a 7, just like you.
That's what I love.
>> NOORY: His is a stick-on.
Mine is real.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> MCCANTS: Oh, he'd
love to hear that one.
Anyway, when you
told me that story,
I instantly thought
of two numbers.
I thought of the number
5 and the number 8.
Because when a 5 gets hurt,
sometimes they become a martyr.
And when an 8 gets hurt, it
can be the victim number.
So they have to stop and go,
how do I get out of this?
What part did I play in this?
Not meaning she was violated.
That's not the part she played.
But that she's
suffering right now
is the part she plays in it.
I do cover that
under the number 8.
And I even have a chapter
called "The Number 8, the Most
Misunderstood Number
in Numerology,"
because they do that.
It's exhausting for you.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: You know it is.
Because you can't fix it.
>> AUDIENCE: Right.
>> MCCANTS: OK, go.
>> NOORY: Great.
Somebody else?
Yes, you way in the back there.
We'll give you a chance here.
>> AUDIENCE: I hear you're
talking about the addition
of numbers, single numbers.
But what about when
they come in multiples?
And is there significance there?
Or is it truly just adding
them just like all the others?
>> MCCANTS: When
you say multiples,
give me an example of what
you think you mean by that.
>> AUDIENCE: My
birthday is 4/7/74.
Or I got married 2/20/2000.
>> NOORY: OK.
Where numbers kind
of repeat themselves.
>> AUDIENCE: 2's,
0's, 4's and 7's?
>> MCCANTS: This
is when it matters.
Let's say you have a
numerology blueprint.
Let's say you're a 2 life path.
And I talked about the number
2, which is gentle, sensitive,
needs love.
But let's say the number
that repeat itself
in your chart, 9, 5, 5, 5, 5, 2.
Well, then that really matters.
That number 5 matters very much.
Because I always
say the life path's
the most important number.
But when a number
repeats itself that much,
you need to pay attention
to that number also.
But in your case, you're
just looking at a birthday.
You still got to break it down.
It's true, the month, the day.
Now let's say you broke
down your month and day,
and the actual day,
your life path--
I've met a guy who was 6, 6, 6.
And I'm not kidding.
>> NOORY: Stay away from him.
>> MCCANTS: I did.
And the poor thing
was so nervous,
like what does that mean?
I said, it means
you're the devil.
No.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> NOORY: Now buy
me another vodka.
>> MCCANTS: Right.
I said, you know, actually
the 6 is a wonderful number.
It's magnetic.
It usually is a parent
energy, just like Richard.
The 6 feels called to
take care of something.
If they don't have children,
then they run a company
and they take care
of the employees.
Of it's not that,
they could have pets.
And I always say the
pets wear clothes,
because they're
like little kids.
But when you have 6, 6, 6,
devil or angel, you can be both.
And the famous example
right now is Dina Lohan,
which is Lindsay Lohan's mother.
>> NOORY: Right.
Right.
>> MCCANTS: Well, you've
seen that woman, right?
Raise your hand if you've seen
her be fun and strong and nuts.
We've seen all of it.
So my point is, when
she's on the positive,
she's a powerhouse, because
it is powerful numbers.
But it's got a sabotage streak.
And when you live on the
dark side of the number,
it's not good.
So that's the answer
to the question.
Keep breaking it
down to find out
what's really repeating itself.
Go ahead.
>> NOORY: In numbers like
you were born on 12/12/12,
for example, a little baby
that was born last year--
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: --is that a
good number to have?
>> MCCANTS: It depends on the
actual date of repetition.
But 12/12/12 was good,
because when you broke it
down all the numbers
in the actual date
were in alignment
with each other.
Now what that means is what
you see is what you get.
That's what it means.
When numbers line up nicely
in someone's birth numbers,
it's easier to get to know them.
When the day you're
born is in conflict
with your life path, what
you see is not what you get,
and it's much more complicated
to understand that person.
That's the difference.
>> NOORY: My dad, I
always remembered,
was born on 2/22/23.
>> MCCANTS: Oh,
see, that's-- yeah.
One more number, he would
have had 2's all across.
>> MCCANTS: Right.
And with all those
2's, though, 2
would be sensitive, like a
sensitive guy, a gentle guy.
>> NOORY: And he was very
sensitive and very gentle.
>> MCCANTS: They're not
looking for conflict.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: Didn't
want to be a problem.
>> NOORY: My mom
was the toughie.
He was--
>> MCCANTS: Right.
>> NOORY: --the sensitive.
>> MCCANTS: Well, and
that's common too.
I talk about us as people.
We're all the yin and the yang.
So sometimes I'll look at a
couple and I'll say to the man,
you're the woman here,
and she's the dude,
and they both laugh and
go, that is so true.
But it's not a bad thing.
It's understanding
that they couldn't both
be powerhouses at the same time.
That wouldn't be good.
>> NOORY: You've
got to have balance.
>> MCCANTS: You do.
>> NOORY: We're going to
come back in a moment.
More "Beyond Belief"
with the Numbers Lady,
Glynis McCants,
in just a second.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
And welcome back
to "Beyond Belief"
with Glynis McCants,
the Numbers Lady.
So do you prefer to be called
Glynis or the Numbers Lady?
>> MCCANTS: With your crowd?
The Numbers Lady.
>> NOORY: The
Numbers Lady it is.
Now we're going to take a
couple people from the audience
and have you do what you do.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
>> NOORY: So let's start.
How do we find that?
You want to pick
somebody or what?
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
I know that what
happened was there
were some people that
submitted their stuff.
So how about Deb West?
>> NOORY: Debbie, come on up.
Come on down!
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
>> MCCANTS: So interesting that
I talked to you for a moment
a minute ago, right?
>> AUDIENCE: It was.
>> MCCANTS: Aren't you lucky?
>> AUDIENCE: I am very lucky.
>> MCCANTS: Twice in one day.
>> AUDIENCE: I'm so excited.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
I wonder-- yeah,
today's a good day.
Now that's funny.
I have to say, just in
terms of doing this show,
this would be considered a
sunny day symbol for her,
and she really was
called on twice.
>> NOORY: Perfect.
>> MCCANTS: That's pretty lucky.
>> NOORY: How about that?
That is good.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
So the first thing I would do is
I'd look at your birth numbers,
because they're
the most revealing.
And what you didn't know about
you, when I asked earlier
about master numbers, 11
or 22, your whole birthday
does become the
master number 11.
And so the other
thing people need
to understand about the master
number, it does not go away.
It's always going to be there.
You've got the 11
no matter what.
But when I say high frequency,
lower frequency, the energy
of 2 is a part of you, which
means you're very sensitive--
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: --and
you get hurt easily.
And you don't want
to, by the way.
You want to be tough.
It's like, no, I'm going
to be strong this time.
The next thing you
know, you're crushed.
It's like, I'm hurting again.
Now what's nice about
your birth numbers
is you have 8, 6, and 11.
That's all compatible.
The energy knows itself, meaning
what you see is what you get.
You don't play games, and
that's what hurts you.
>> AUDIENCE: No, I don't.
>> MCCANTS: Right.
But that's what hurts
you about others.
They act one way and
turn out to be another.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: And that causes
you great frustration.
It's like, please
don't do that to me.
And my analogy-- do
you have kids or not?
>> AUDIENCE: One.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
How old?
>> AUDIENCE: 20.
>> MCCANTS: And what's the name?
>> AUDIENCE: Adam.
>> MCCANTS: Adam may as
well be this big for you.
He should be romper room.
You don't see the
adult in the child.
You do not.
Now my analogy is f someone
fell in a well and said,
could you help me?
You'd jump in and
say, what's wrong?
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: And then you'd
fall in the well with them.
So Adam knows you're going to do
that for him every single time.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes, he does.
>> MCCANTS: Yes, he does.
The gift is-- even my
mother had 11 kids,
by the way-- she
was born on a 6.
She's got the energy
that this one has.
>> NOORY: Same kind.
You see it.
>> MCCANTS: So I know that.
But what you have to
learn is boundaries.
You need to learn that
not only do I give a lot,
I need to receive, too.
And what happens with you
when someone gives to you,
sometimes you panic.
You're like, do I
owe you something?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
It's not as comfortable
for you to receive.
And then 8 attitude means you
want to learn it your way.
You don't want me
telling you how to do it.
Right now you're open to
me because I'm reading you.
And you're like, wow,
this girl gets me.
But in true life,
that's not you.
You're like, I have to
feel like it's my decision.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: And then if it
goes wrong, you're OK with it.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
Because it's my fault.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
Yes.
And what makes you
mad is when someone
made you do it and
it falls apart.
>> AUDIENCE: And I knew it
was wrong to do it that way
to start with.
>> MCCANTS: Exactly.
>> NOORY: I feel like
I'm imposing on a private
conversation.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
And then going back to
the 8 also, taking advice
can be difficult.
You do need to learn to
stop and go, how did this
happen to me, instead of
feeling like a victim.
See, when you have an
8, it's not hard to go,
this happened to me.
It wasn't my fault.
If you can back up
and go, what part
did I play before
this got this bad?
And then you let that person
go, or you let those people go.
Because you're a
little too loyal
when it comes to
friendships and stuff.
You're so available to them.
And then you've got the
business-minded side of you.
So what did you pick for work?
What are you doing?
>> AUDIENCE: I've
been a scientist.
I work in a water
treatment plant.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
Now I think you wrote
us a note about wanting
to write a book or not?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
I'm working on a book.
>> MCCANTS: But how long have
you been working on the book?
>> AUDIENCE: About four years.
I got divorced three years
ago, and that just blew it.
>> NOORY: It put
you in a tailspin.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
I'm starting to write again.
>> NOORY: Another guest
on Coast to Coast one day.
How about that?
>> AUDIENCE: Actually, it's that
type of book, and I want to be.
>> NOORY: All right.
Good.
>> MCCANTS: And so she's been
here twice today already.
I think she's going to be.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: But the point
is you overthink it.
Remember I said, no matter
how good, not good enough.
So even if you do write,
even without what happened,
the breakup, it's
hard for you to settle
on what you've written.
It's like, is that good enough?
Is it what I meant?
The perfect word.
Stop perfection.
Put on the Nikes and just do it.
Then you'll get it done,
and it will be a great book.
You've got the numbers
to share your story.
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: Thanks, Deb.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>> NOORY: You take care.
I'll take the mic.
>> AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>> MCCANTS: Nice to meet you.
>> AUDIENCE: It was
so nice to meet you.
You're wonderful.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
>> NOORY: And how
about April McCarty?
Come on down, April.
Thanks.
>> MCCANTS: I want to grab
something on you, April,
for one sec, OK?
>> AUDIENCE: OK.
>> MCCANTS: I just want
to see if I can do this.
What I'm doing, George, real
quick is her name numbers.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
>> NOORY: You're like a
psychologist, aren't you?
>> MCCANTS: By
the numbers, yeah.
Well, and this is
such a good tool.
That's why, by the way,
the first book was called
"Glynis Has Your Number,"
because I would read
numerology books, and I
never got those specifics
to the degree I give them.
When people read my book,
they think they can do this.
They're like, Glynis, I
read people with your book,
and I dazzled the room.
I'm like, well,
you read my book,
and you read out of there.
But eventually,
when people say, I
want to be a
numerologist, I say,
if you can come up with
some unique breakthroughs
in the science, go for it.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: But don't just
repeat what people do.
Put your own
footprints in the sand.
What do they say?
If you do what
someone else does,
you leave no
footprints in the sand?
We all want to make sure
we're leaving a footprint,
and so do you.
I know that's true about you.
So what do I see
in your numerology?
Say your birthday.
>> AUDIENCE: 8/24/93.
>> MCCANTS: 8/24/93.
The first thing I want to
say is you get indecision.
It's like you came through
with so many gift ideas,
so many ways to go,
sometimes you just
don't know which
way to go at all.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: That's
your attitude number.
It's the number 5.
And it can be, if you're not
careful, jack of all trades,
master of none.
And you want to make
sure that's not you.
Your birth numbers,
though, are a blessing,
because you were
born on a 6 day,
and your whole birthday makes
you a 9, which is the old soul.
Now that means even as a little
kid you were beyond your years.
How true was that?
>> AUDIENCE: Very.
My mom actually told
me that even as a baby
I looked very mature.
>> MCCANTS: Yes.
>> NOORY: You must have
been a frustrating teenager
for your parents.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: Really, you came
through and said basically,
where's the phone?
I've got work to do.
Your energy was ready, and
any parent who's sensitive
would notice that.
But as a 9, eventually
do you want children?
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: Because
you're born on a 6 day,
which is the mother energy.
You will do it differently.
You watched your parents
and what they did with you,
what they didn't.
There were things you
didn't appreciate.
It's like, no, I
wouldn't have done that.
How often did that pop in
your head while growing up?
>> AUDIENCE: A lot.
>> MCCANTS: Right.
>> AUDIENCE: All the time, yeah.
>> MCCANTS: And I say
that about her why?
One, because you're
a 9 life path.
But you're also born on a 6 day.
You are not meant to
work for somebody else.
You are a strong energy.
And if they leave you
alone, you'll give 150%.
So what work have you picked?
What are you thinking of doing?
And before you tell
me, it's supposed
to be creative, form of some
way to express yourself,
communication.
What is it?
>> AUDIENCE: I would eventually
like to grow food and own
my own land.
>> MCCANTS: Right.
But when you say that,
is that about health?
Is it about health--
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
--for everybody else?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: Do you want
to save the planet?
>> AUDIENCE: It's
about health, yeah.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you,
humanitarian party of two.
Your table's ready.
Give her a hand.
She's right in
what she's saying.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
>> MCCANTS: Look, we are up
against it, we the people.
Fast food has not been my
friend and nobody else's friend.
>> AUDIENCE: Yes.
>> MCCANTS: You're about
let's get back to the basics.
The 9 life path is the
one who changes the world.
You have the gift to make
this world a better place.
Now if we want to go for big
names, Mother Theresa was a 9.
Gandhi was a 9.
But so was Cher.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
Do you love it?
And you notice how Cher
always reinvents herself?
I don't know if you've
ever heard this joke.
But it says, when the ends,
there'll be two things left,
Cher and cockroaches.
[AUDIENCE LAUGHING]
And that's because
cockroaches don't die,
and neither will Cher.
But my point is, she's
an old soul energy.
And those who love
Cher-- I mean, come on.
The woman is amazingly talented.
She was, like, 60 before she
had another massive hit single.
So going to you, know that
you're here for a long time.
This is not a short life
you're going to live.
But that whole idea
about food, you
just want it to be
authentically real.
You do care about
the environment.
That's all in your numerology.
So when people
come to me and say,
well, what career
is best, I've got
to make sure it's something
you're not going to get bored
with, because you
get bored easy.
Tell us about that.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah, I do.
I can't stick with one
thing for very long.
>> MCCANTS: You burn out.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: It's
like, this isn't fun.
And even at a
party, how restless
do you get if you're
stuck in a situation?
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
It doesn't go very well.
>> MCCANTS: No, it doesn't.
So do you notice,
guys, what I'm saying?
Well, my whole thing is there's
no such thing as a stranger
if I've got their number.
If you give me these numbers,
you're not a stranger to me.
And then it's like, how
do we get you on track?
And how do we get
you to be happy?
Sometimes our parents force
us into a career, right?
And it's not a good idea.
And I can counsel
the parents and say,
that's not where they belong.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: I had one gal who
was going to be an accountant.
She was a 3.
The woman was a
human Christmas tree.
Beautiful girl, big
smile, bright eyes.
By helping the mom see that,
she now does reality shows.
She produces reality
shows, and she's so happy.
So that's all.
When you talk to me about
career, that's the way to go.
What are you doing now?
>> AUDIENCE: I work
at a bagel shop.
>> MCCANTS: OK.
So you're just doing that now.
>> NOORY: She's still in food.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>> MCCANTS: Are you at school?
>> AUDIENCE: I'm doing
a yoga teacher training.
>> MCCANTS: Yeah.
See?
Now this is what
I want to tell you
is going to happen
with this one.
You're going to be healing
people on all levels.
It will be food.
It will be physical.
Because longevity, we're
living longer than ever,
and you're going to be
a part of that crusade.
And you'll never be bored.
>> NOORY: Let's
hear it for April.
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]
Thanks, April.
You take care.
Thank you.
You know what?
I just love the
way the numbers tie
into somebody's life,
their lifestyle.
As we wrap this up, Glynis,
if you have the numbers,
can you change your
life with the numbers?
>> MCCANTS: Absolutely.
It's knowledge is power.
And here's what
you want to know.
When you have a new
personal year cycle,
it gives you a sense of
what should I focus on.
Each month we're in a cycle.
Like I said about Obama, he went
into a cycle of 1, and he won.
Well, when you know
what cycle you're in,
you know what to focus on.
That's the key to success,
by the way, is focus.
George, when you don't focus,
you can't get it done, really.
>> NOORY: That's right.
>> MCCANTS: Even when you
made the joke earlier,
I've got to hear so how many
people died in the plane crash?
And they already
told you it was four.
It's focus.
And numerology helps
keep us in the moment.
Because when you're
studying numbers,
you're not worried
about yesterday anymore.
You're in this moment
right now having fun
with the people in the room.
>> NOORY: Well, and
you do a great job.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
>> NOORY: Glynis McCants,
the Numbers Lady.
>> MCCANTS: Thank you.
>> NOORY: Thanks, Glynis.
Well, whether it's "Love
by the Numbers" or "Glynis
Has Your Number," numerology
truly affects our life
and how we live and
where we're going.
So just remember that
the next time you
look at a bunch of
numbers on a calendar.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[AUDIENCE APPLAUDING]